---
layout: post
title:  "The Idiot Lecture"
date:   2023-11-18 10:15:57 +0000
categories: Mental_Health
---

## What is TwpZen?
TwpZen is my self help creation, with the most effective and quickest ways to recover from Anxiety & Depression, to learn how to have a laugh while doing it and why that's so important! TwpZen and The Idiot Lecture are full of easy exercises, free and fresh science, psychology, philosophy and podcasts are all broken down into common sense terms that anyone can understand.

My message is actually HOW to do these exercises, because you may get discouraged and give up. Here you'll find my initial thoughts, fears, triumphs and life changing thought processes. Also memes, lots of memes and bad dad jokes.
Understanding is the start, once you know what's going on in your own body, it's a lot easier to predict and prevent problems.You can't think your way through life, trust me. Everyone is scared at the start, you're not alone.
You Got This!
Don't be scared, homie.
Why am I here?
You yourself know why you are here, whether it's a gut feeling that you should just have a look around or you know what you want and are ready to get started.
Whether you’re suicidal or just a bit sad, anxious, confused or even just curious, you’ll find what you’re looking for and more here at TwpZen!
Don't let yourself get overwhelmed, I've made all of this mental health world easy to start slowly and with a smile, it's ok.

### The Chemistree

The Chemistree is my tree of life in knowledge, where I struggled understanding complex words or ideas, I found ways to avoid learning more.
Here are the scientific descriptions and Twp Terminology to help you understand vital information that you WILL need!
You don't have to hit rock bottom to start helping yourself.

Most people will go through some form of mental health issue in their life, whether you see it or they even know it, we are humans and we're living in a futuristic world that our little squishy brains aren't optimised for. We still have old DNA wiring that gives us default fight or flight responses, subconscious desires for companionship and acceptance, a need to play and relax but also be able to assert dominance to protect our family.

Please poke around and see if you find something that interests you on here, I've collected some life changing habits and unlocked much deeper levels of happiness since learning all of this and honestly just can't believe it's free too, not even a cult!
Definitely not a cult.

### Who the F is that guy?
Hey, I'm Cal and I'm the guy behind the curtains at TwpZen!
I suffered with Anxiety and Depression for decades before realising that nobody was coming to save me or even listen to me share my woes. I nearly ended it all when I lost everything and hit rock bottom, but I failed and I am forever grateful for that. I gave myself a new lease of life and I have found a new love in helping others get started on this same journey.
I'm here to show you how to get started helping yourself, by showing you the most effective exercises and lessons I have learned that actually changed my life for the better, and most importantly - for free.
After a decade of management and coaching, I've decided to just go for it and create something that I needed when I was at my lowest, searching for answers. I am creating all of this myself while teaching myself how to design a website, write a book, film and edit videos.
It's difficult and I know it doesn't look the best, but the point of TwpZen is to overcome new challenges, so here we are!
When?
There is no such thing as a perfect moment.

I still have daily problems that require work to fix and I’m capable of generating plenty of  excuses to convince myself to not do anything ever!
It's not that the problems ever go away fully, it's that you get stronger at dealing with them.
Please don't try to 'think' yourself better anymore.

Find a support network and make your self improvement fun!
If getting good at something might take a long time, or even years, don't let that put you off! Those years will pass much quicker by just thinking about them, then wallowing in guilt and shame, go and get after it!
I dare you to look around and peek out of your comfort zone

### Your Mental Health Matters.
{% youtube "https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLdzSj3rHsyAY8A9ouA6ntll0zAASQ3HKq&si=fSzW41UBo9Nib5Oj" %}



This is the 'Self Help' book I accidentally ended up writing!
I decided to mark my progress as a diary of exercises I was trying and how they made me feel, especially after feeling utterly hopeless at the start, without energy to try.

I became obsessive in learning how to 'get better', but what I actually learned changed my entire outlook on life but it's what I did that changed how I feel about it.

I feel the meaning of life is to search for it.

{% youtube "https://youtu.be/bx6Z_JxYtRM" %}
